Re-enable database TLS (#2245)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/upgrading-openstack.rst

A proper fix is still WIP, in the meantime these errors can be resolved with this script:
`<https://gist.github.com/MoteHue/00ba4b85b8e708c46060e025deee8a78>`__

ProxySQL
--------

During OpenStack service upgrade from 2025.1 to 2026.1, database TLS with ProxySQL will be enabled.

> To make sure all certificates file that are required by ProxySQL are prepared, run the latest

Reviewer: Nit: minor grammar correction
```suggestion
To make sure all certificate files that are required by ProxySQL are prepared, run the latest
```

Author: lol 'certificates file'

version of the playbook ``secret-store-generate-internal-tls.yml`` before running
``kayobe overcloud service upgrade``.

> 1. Ensure ``kolla_enable_proxysql`` is set to ``true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure ``kolla_enable_proxysql`` is set to ``true`` in ``kolla.yml``.
```
